void check(){

    char words[256]; // create a char array max legth of words amount 

    * Name: Daniela Mejia
Project :(Writtin  the word Equivalengt of a check amount )  PROMPT #2
Date: 3/19/2019
Intructions :
1. One common security methid requires that the check amount be both written in numbers and "spell out" in words
2. Even if someone is able to able to alter the numerical amount of the check, it's extremely difficult to change the amount in words.
3. Write a program that inputs a numeric check amount and writes teh word equivalengt of the amount in words.
4. For example, the amount 52.43 should be written as 
FIFTY TWO and 43/100
 
 
 
 
 PSEUDO CODE FOR PASSWORD

    1. Create a char string for the password "idf"
    2. Create a second char variable to compare your password to compare
    3. create iteration variable
    4. Ask user password input 
    5. Scan the input
    6. Create a loop where the two strings are compare with strcmp function if they are access program else denied access.
    7. getc ets a character (an unsigned char) from stdin
    8. return.



 PSEUDO CODE FOR NUMBER IN WORDS void check()
    
   - create a char array max legth of words amount 
   - create a variable for num input
   - create a variable for iterator
   - Ask for input number 
   - scan input 

    - Create an string length of the array
    - then your number input will be the integer string 

   1. create a while loop while the iteration is not the lenght of the string then start from position 1
    a. create a loop in the loop where the input number equal to 1 this will read the first number from left to right
      // if the array index 0 is 0 just print zero
         create a function were all the single digits will be call is easier and not that ugly looking of a code (ex 1,2,3....,9 in words) use swtich cases
         called the length of the string minus the 1 for null position 
         do not iterate so your number variable will go to zero
    b. create a loop in the loop where the input number equal to 2 this will read the first two numbers from left to right
         if the array index length of the num minus the variable num  is equal to one
         created other function were the teen numbers are (11...19 in words tho) use swtich cases
         call in the function the string with index length minus the num + 1 so it will give you the words of the two numbres from left to right
         do not iterate so your number variable will go to zero
         return or break
            
             
        else if the array index length of the number minus the variable num is NOT  equal to one
         created other function use swtich cases  were the tens numbers are (10,20,30.......90 in words tho) 
         call in the function the string with index length minus the num + 1 so it will give you the words of the two numbres from left to right
         then decrease iteration of the number variable 
            
    c. create a loop in the loop where the input number equal to 3 this will read the first three numbers from left to right
        created other function use swtich cases  were the tens numbers are (10,20,30.......90 in words tho) 
        call in the function the string with index length minus the num so it will give you the words of the three numbres from left to right
        then decrease iteration of the number variable 
  
    PSEUDOCODE FOR EXTRA NEEDED INFO/ FUNCTIONS
    - Create a switch case for all the single digits (1,2.......9) and print in numbers void oneDigit(char n)
        remember
        /* case '0':printf("Zero ");   Is already in last function check () */
    -Create a switch case for all the tens (10,20.....90) and print in numbers void digitTens(char x)
   
    -Create a switch case for all the tens (11,12......,19) and print in numbers void digitTeen(char x)
    
    -Create a switch case for all the tens (10,20.....90) and print in nuumbers  void digitHundreds(char x)
  
        create a loop where your variable from the function of single digits is not '0' then  then print hundred
     